# ⚖️ Disclaimer

This litepaper is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. The information set forth herein is not intended to form the basis for any investment decision and should not be considered as a recommendation or investment advice.

Bonzo Finance Labs has prepared this litepaper based on information available to it, including information derived from public sources that have not been independently verified. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is provided in relation to the fairness, accuracy, correctness, completeness, or reliability of the information, opinions, or conclusions expressed herein.

Certain statements in this litepaper constitute forward-looking statements or statements which may be deemed or construed to be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve, and are subject to, known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause the actual results, performance (financial or operating), or achievements to differ from the future results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

The $BONZO token and Bonzo Finance NFT collectables are designed to be utilized as described in this litepaper. The $BONZO token and Bonzo Finance NFT collectables are not intended to constitute a security in any jurisdiction. This litepaper is not a prospectus and does not constitute or form part of any opinion or any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase any $BONZO tokens or Bonzo Finance NFT collectables nor shall it or any part of it, nor the fact of its presentation, form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.

The $BONZO token and Bonzo Finance NFT collectibles are not intended to have any inherent value outside of their utility within the Bonzo Finance ecosystem, as described in this litepaper. Bonzo Finance Labs makes no representations or warranties regarding the value, merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose of the $BONZO token or Bonzo Finance NFT collectibles. The value of digital assets are inherently highly volatile and subject to fluctuations based on market conditions and other factors beyond the control of Bonzo Finance Labs.

Bonzo Finance Labs does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty, or undertaking (express or implied) in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty, or undertaking in relation to the accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this litepaper.

The sale and purchase of Bonzo Finance NFT collectables or $BONZO tokens involves risks and uncertainties. Prior to purchasing Bonzo Finance NFT collectables, you should carefully consider the potential risks and uncertainties associated with Bonzo Finance, the $BONZO tokens, the Bonzo Finance NFTs, and all information set out in this litepaper and the Token Purchase Terms, and, specifically, the Risk Disclosure Statement.

This litepaper shall not and cannot be considered as an invitation to enter into an investment. It does not constitute or form part of any opinion or any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer by Bonzo Finance Labs to purchase any $BONZO tokens or Bonzo Finance NFTs nor shall it or any part of it, nor the fact of its presentation, form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.

Participants in the Bonzo Finance NFT sale agree that they are not purchasing $BONZO tokens or Bonzo Finance NFTs for any other uses or purposes, including, but not limited to, any investment, speculative or other financial purposes. $BONZO tokens and Bonzo Finance NFT collectables confer no other rights in any form, including but not limited to any ownership, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights, other than those specifically set forth in the litepaper.
